README.md, before:

# ItsMyBot 

ItsMyBot is a self-hosted modular Discord bot. Developed with TypeScript and Node.js, it is designed to be easily modifiable through a plugin system. The core of the bot has limited functionalities to allow room for plugins. It is frequently updated to enhance its features and fix bugs. Feel free to join our Discord server to share your suggestions and report any issues.

[Documentation](https://docs.itsme.to/itsmybot) - [Support](https://discord.gg/itsme-to) - [Purchase](https://builtbybit.com/resources/24369/) - [Official Plugins](https://builtbybit.com/itsmybot)

## Features
Here you can find all the main features of the bot's core.

- **Plugin System**: You can add plugins to extend the bot's functionalities.
- **Scripts**: You can create your own scripts to automate tasks.
- **Command System**: You can create custom commands with a variety of options.
- **Configuration Check**: The bot verifies if the configuration is correct, ensuring smooth execution without issues.
- **Multiple Databases**: You can choose between several databases to store the bot's data. (sqlite, mysql, mariadb)
- **Fully Customizable**: You can customize the bot to your liking via configuration files.
- **Comprehensive Placeholder System**: Similar to PlaceholderAPI, you can add custom placeholders in any of the bot's messages.
- **Ready for Your Own Plugins**: The entire bot is designed to allow you to easily add your own plugins.
- **Configuration Reload**: The bot's configurations can now be reloaded on demand.
- **Automatic Configuration Update**: If any information is missing in the configuration, it updates automatically.

## Developer License
If you wish to develop and distribute paid plugins for ItsMyBot, you must obtain a Commercial Developer License. This license grants you the rights to create, sell, and distribute your plugins within the ItsMyBot ecosystem.

### Benefits of the Commercial Developer License:
- **Monetize Your Plugins**: Sell your plugins and earn revenue.
- **Access to Developer Support**: Receive priority support to help you with plugin development.
- **Feature Requests**: Request new features that you need for your plugin development.
- **Community Exposure**: Get featured in our plugin marketplace, reaching a broader audience.

For more information or to apply for a Commercial Developer License, please join our [discord](https://discord.gg/itsme-to).

Commit message:

Renamed Plugin to Addon
More coherent with the discord community

README.md, after:

# ItsMyBot 

ItsMyBot is a self-hosted modular Discord bot. Developed with TypeScript and Node.js, it is designed to be easily modifiable through a addon system. The core of the bot has limited functionalities to allow room for addons. It is frequently updated to enhance its features and fix bugs. Feel free to join our Discord server to share your suggestions and report any issues.

[Documentation](https://docs.itsme.to/itsmybot) - [Support](https://discord.gg/itsme-to) - [Purchase](https://builtbybit.com/resources/24369/) - [Official Addons](https://builtbybit.com/itsmybot)

## Features
Here you can find all the main features of the bot's core.

- **Addon System**: You can add addons to extend the bot's functionalities.
- **Scripts**: You can create your own scripts to automate tasks.
- **Command System**: You can create custom commands with a variety of options.
- **Configuration Check**: The bot verifies if the configuration is correct, ensuring smooth execution without issues.
- **Multiple Databases**: You can choose between several databases to store the bot's data. (sqlite, mysql, mariadb)
- **Fully Customizable**: You can customize the bot to your liking via configuration files.
- **Comprehensive Placeholder System**: Similar to PlaceholderAPI, you can add custom placeholders in any of the bot's messages.
- **Ready for Your Own Addons**: The entire bot is designed to allow you to easily add your own addons.
- **Configuration Reload**: The bot's configurations can now be reloaded on demand.
- **Automatic Configuration Update**: If any information is missing in the configuration, it updates automatically.
s
## Developer License
If you wish to develop and distribute paid addons for ItsMyBot, you must obtain a Commercial Developer License. This license grants you the rights to create, sell, and distribute your addons within the ItsMyBot ecosystem.

### Benefits of the Commercial Developer License:
- **Monetize Your Addons**: Sell your addons and earn revenue.
- **Access to Developer Support**: Receive priority support to help you with addon development.
- **Feature Requests**: Request new features that you need for your addon development.
- **Community Exposure**: Get featured in our addon marketplace, reaching a broader audience.

For more information or to apply for a Commercial Developer License, please join our [discord](https://discord.gg/itsme-to).
